Added documentation for Spider.update_settings (#5846)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/settings.rst

            "SOME_SETTING": "some value",
        }

> It's often better to provide a :meth:`~scrapy.Spider.update_settings` instead,
> and settings set there should use the "spider" priority explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's often better to implement :meth:`~scrapy.Spider.update_settings` instead,
and settings set there should use the "spider" priority explicitly:
```

or

```suggestion
It's often better to provide a :meth:`~scrapy.Spider.update_settings` method 
instead, and settings set there should use the "spider" priority explicitly:
```

.. code-block:: python

    import scrapy

    class MySpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "myspider"

        @classmethod
        def update_settings(cls, settings):

>             settings.set("SOME_SETTING", "some value", priority="spider")
>             super().update_settings(settings)

Reviewer: No strong opinion, since `priority` will handle most cases, but I do wonder if reversing these lines may be a better default suggestion, even if for something as trivial as keeping the `super()` call closer to the method definition start, to make it more clear that it is being called in cases where lots of settings are defined (i.e. lots of lines before `super` if we leave `super` for last).

```suggestion
            super().update_settings(settings)
            settings.set("SOME_SETTING", "some value", priority="spider")
```

Which also applies to the later example, where to a [similar suggestion](https://github.com/scrapy/scrapy/pull/5846/files#r1230629675) I responded “does not matter” :sweat_smile: .
